---
title: test by mike meng
tags: 面试总结
categories: 面试
---


### Introduction
+ **Name**: MingLiang Meng
+ **Date of birth**: 1985.11
+ **Gender**: Male
+ **Email**: mml1106@outlook.com
+ **Contact**: (+86) 177-8601-6228

### Education
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications (BUPT), Beijing, China
Master in Automation Engineering (ME),Sep 2011 – 2014
Center China Normal University, Hubei, China
B.S. in Computer Science and Technology (CS),Sep 2004 – Jul 2008
Experience
Civil Servant in Judicial Administrative Department
Wuhan Railway Transport Intermediate Court. Wuhan.China,Oct 2015 – Present
Working as and be responsible for maintained the key system of the department and
dealt with the failure of the system. Be responsible for government procurement and
routine administrative work.
Successfully finished the government procurement of amount more than 10 million
yuan, As party a’s representative is Responsible for the entire process of the project,
including requirement investigation, system design, open tendering, contract review,
system implementation, system acceptance.
Part-time employee
Hubei Weiyuan Zhuwang Technology Co., Ltd. Wuhan. China,Jul 2018 – Nov 2018
Be responsible for developing network applications on the FSlib platform which is
similar to the opensource DPDK.
Using FSlib to duplicated the special UDP packets and forwarding the packets 
to
different applications.Writing test scripts in python and testing forwarding
performance.
Porting Command Line module, and extend Command Line moudle to support
configuration saving and configuration loading feature.
Test Development Engineer
AcceLink Co.ltd Wuhan. China,July 2014 – Oct 2015
Be responsible for test tools development, white box test, automatic test platform
development
Be responsible for the system testing of the OSP platform for optical transmission
products, completed the security testing of Huawei OEM products. Responsible for
testing of the new generation of data communi cation products, including functional
tests and performance tests, such as the functional test of Vlan, Qinq, Qos, and
performance test of throughput and latency.
Using JavaScript to develop automatic detection tools for the unqualified optical
module which is used by the manufacturing department.
Software Development Engineer
FiberHome Co.ltd Wuhan. China, July 2008 – Oct 2011
Be responsible for embedded software development of telecom level access network
device
Be responsible for the development and optimization of internet multicast
management protocol, including IGMP Snooping V2 and IGMP Proxy V2. Fixed the
memory leakage issue and improved the efficiency of IGMP packet processing,
redesigned the modules of software timer, buffer queue, using a red-black tree to
improve the efficiency of multicast address searching.
Be responsible for development and maintenance of the software of telecom level
access network device,including modules of VLAN, QoS, Flow Speed Limit, and Line
identifier. And developing new features on the low-cost Opulan platform.
Be responsible for porting WIFI driver to the terminal device and developing new
features of WIFI function.
Self-assessment
Good analytical and problem solving skills.
Proficient with learning and appling new knowledge in a short time.
Strong responsibility and flexibility under work pressure.
Good team work and communication skills.
Adjust easily to innovative concepts and tasks.
Skills
Programming Languages: C,C++,Java,Python
Platform: Linux,Vxworks
Development skills: Linux Embedded, C++ Desktop, Protocal Stack,Voip
Development tools: Vxworks Tornado, DPDK,SVN,JIRA, GitHub,Makefile
Honors and Certification
CET-6
IETLS 6.5
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithmic Toolbox ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithms on Strings ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Data Structures ,scroe:86.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithmic Toolbox ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithms on Graphs ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming for Everybody ,scroe:97.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithms, Part I ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Algorithms, Part II ,scroe:99.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:learning-how-to-learn ,scroe:87.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part A ,scroe:99.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part B ,scroe:96.2.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part C ,scroe:95.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part A ,scroe:99.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part B ,scroe:96.2.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Programming Languages, Part C ,scroe:95.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Build a Modern Computer from First Principles: From Nand to Tetris,
Part I ,scroe:100.
COURSE CERTIFICATE:Build a Modern Computer from First Principles: From Nand to Tetris,
Part II ,scroe:100.

来发评论吧~
Powered By 
v1.5.1
| 总访问量 4849 次 | 总访客数 1848 人
Miscellaneous
Blog: https://mike-box.github.io/